com/amity/design/brige/example/ReadXML.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.ReadXML
com/amity/design/fuyong/Color.java
 com.amity.design.fuyong.Color
com/amity/design/composite/example/ShoppingTest.java
 com.amity.design.composite.example.ShoppingTest
com/amity/design/LinkedHashMap/SimpleCache.java
 com.amity.design.LinkedHashMap.SimpleCache
com/amity/design/composite/design/anquan/Composite.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.anquan.Composite
com/amity/design/composite/design/touming/Composite.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.touming.Composite
com/amity/design/composite/design/anquan/Component.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.anquan.Component
com/amity/design/composite/design/touming/Component.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.touming.Component
com/amity/design/brige/design/Abstraction.java
 com.amity.design.brige.design.Abstraction
com/amity/design/prototype/Citation.java
 com.amity.design.prototype.Citation
com/amity/design/brige/design/ConcreteImplementorA.java
 com.amity.design.brige.design.ConcreteImplementorA
com/amity/design/flyweight/design/UnsharedConcreteFlyweight.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.design.UnsharedConcreteFlyweight
com/amity/design/proxy/design/Subject.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.design.Subject
com/amity/design/flyweight/design/FlyweightPattern.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.design.FlyweightPattern
com/amity/design/proxy/example/NjSpecialtyProxy.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.example.NjSpecialtyProxy
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteClass/Fruitage.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteClass.Fruitage
com/amity/design/flyweight/design/Flyweight.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.design.Flyweight
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/Chessboard.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.Chessboard
com/amity/design/brige/design/Implementor.java
 com.amity.design.brige.design.Implementor
com/amity/design/flyweight/design/FlyweightFactory.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.design.FlyweightFactory
com/amity/design/fuyong/Car.java
 com.amity.design.fuyong.Car
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/FarmTest.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.FarmTest
com/amity/design/brige/example/Wallet.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.Wallet
com/amity/design/adapter/design/ObjectAdapterTest.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.ObjectAdapterTest
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/WzqGame.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.WzqGame
com/amity/design/fuyong/ElectricCar.java
 com.amity.design.fuyong.ElectricCar
com/amity/design/decorator/design/Component.java
 com.amity.design.decorator.design.Component
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteClass/Horse.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteClass.Horse
com/amity/design/composite/example/Articles.java
 com.amity.design.composite.example.Articles
com/amity/design/brige/example/Color.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.Color
com/amity/design/adapter/example/optical/OpticalAdapter.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.optical.OpticalAdapter
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/TargetRealize.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.TargetRealize
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteClass/Vegetables.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteClass.Vegetables
com/amity/design/prototype/SunWukong.java
 com.amity.design.prototype.SunWukong
com/amity/design/composite/example/Goods.java
 com.amity.design.composite.example.Goods
com/amity/design/adapter/design/ObjectAdapter.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.ObjectAdapter
com/amity/design/brige/design/RefinedAbstraction.java
 com.amity.design.brige.design.RefinedAbstraction
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteFactory/NJFarm.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteFactory.NJFarm
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/WhitePieces.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.WhitePieces
com/amity/design/brige/example/Yellow.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.Yellow
com/amity/design/adapter/design/Target.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.Target
com/amity/design/decorator/design/ConcreteDecorator.java
 com.amity.design.decorator.design.ConcreteDecorator
com/amity/design/flyweight/design/ConcreteFlyweight.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.design.ConcreteFlyweight
com/amity/design/composite/design/touming/CompositePattern.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.touming.CompositePattern
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/abstractClass/Plant.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.abstractClass.Plant
com/amity/design/block2/MyBlockingQueue2.java
 com.amity.design.block2.MyBlockingQueue2
com/amity/design/block2/Product2.java
 com.amity.design.block2.Product2
com/amity/design/brige/example/Bag.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.Bag
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/TwoWayAdapterTest.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.TwoWayAdapterTest
com/amity/design/adapter/example/electric/ElectricAdapter.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.electric.ElectricAdapter
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/TwoWayAdaptee.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.TwoWayAdaptee
com/amity/design/block1/Product.java
 com.amity.design.block1.Product
com/amity/design/singleton/SingletonEager.java
 com.amity.design.singleton.SingletonEager
com/amity/design/fuyong/Tset.java
 com.amity.design.fuyong.Tset
com/amity/design/composite/design/anquan/CompositePattern.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.anquan.CompositePattern
com/amity/design/fuyong/White.java
 com.amity.design.fuyong.White
com/amity/design/brige/example/BagManage.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.BagManage
com/amity/design/adapter/example/MotorAdapterTest.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.MotorAdapterTest
com/amity/design/adapter/example/electric/ElectricMotor.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.electric.ElectricMotor
com/amity/design/prototype/ProtoTypeCitation.java
 com.amity.design.prototype.ProtoTypeCitation
com/amity/design/decorator/design/ConcreteComponent.java
 com.amity.design.decorator.design.ConcreteComponent
com/amity/design/composite/example/Bags.java
 com.amity.design.composite.example.Bags
com/amity/design/adapter/example/Motor.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.Motor
com/amity/design/block1/Consumer.java
 com.amity.design.block1.Consumer
com/amity/design/adapter/design/ClassAdapter.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.ClassAdapter
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/TwoWayAdapter.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.TwoWayAdapter
com/amity/design/brige/example/HandBag.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.HandBag
com/amity/design/proxy/design/ProxyTest.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.design.ProxyTest
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/TwoWayTarget.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.TwoWayTarget
com/amity/design/decorator/design/Decorator.java
 com.amity.design.decorator.design.Decorator
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/abstractFactory/Farm.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.abstractFactory.Farm
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteClass/Cattle.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteClass.Cattle
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/concreteFactory/ZJFarm.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.concreteFactory.ZJFarm
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/WeiqiFactory.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.WeiqiFactory
com/amity/design/proxy/example/Specialty.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.example.Specialty
com/amity/design/adapter/design/Adaptee.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.Adaptee
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/ChessPieces.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.ChessPieces
com/amity/design/prototype/ProtoTypeWukong.java
 com.amity.design.prototype.ProtoTypeWukong
com/amity/design/brige/example/Red.java
 com.amity.design.brige.example.Red
com/amity/design/composite/design/anquan/Leaf.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.anquan.Leaf
com/amity/design/decorator/design/DecoratorPattern.java
 com.amity.design.decorator.design.DecoratorPattern
com/amity/design/block1/MyBlockingQueue.java
 com.amity.design.block1.MyBlockingQueue
com/amity/design/proxy/example/NjSpecialty.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.example.NjSpecialty
com/amity/design/singleton/Bajie.java
 com.amity.design.singleton.Bajie
com/amity/design/util/ReadXML.java
 com.amity.design.util.ReadXML
com/amity/design/abstractFactory/abstractClass/Animal.java
 com.amity.design.abstractFactory.abstractClass.Animal
com/amity/design/adapter/twoWay/AdapteeRealize.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.twoWay.AdapteeRealize
com/amity/design/adapter/design/ClassAdapterTest.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.design.ClassAdapterTest
com/amity/design/brige/design/BridgeTest.java
 com.amity.design.brige.design.BridgeTest
com/amity/design/composite/design/touming/Leaf.java
 com.amity.design.composite.design.touming.Leaf
com/amity/design/proxy/design/RealSubject.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.design.RealSubject
com/amity/design/proxy/example/JyProxy.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.example.JyProxy
com/amity/design/adapter/example/optical/OpticalMotor.java
 com.amity.design.adapter.example.optical.OpticalMotor
com/amity/design/singleton/SingletonLazy.java
 com.amity.design.singleton.President
 com.amity.design.singleton.SingletonLazy
com/amity/design/proxy/design/Proxy.java
 com.amity.design.proxy.design.Proxy
com/amity/design/flyweight/example/BlackPieces.java
 com.amity.design.flyweight.example.BlackPieces
com/amity/design/block2/Consumer2.java
 com.amity.design.block2.Consumer2
com/amity/design/LinkedHashMap/SimpleCacheTest.java
 com.amity.design.LinkedHashMap.SimpleCacheTest
